Add CNSMAP to repo (#708)
cncf/tag-security: security-whitepaper/cnsmap/README.md

consumption of the security whitepaper. In addition to the content of the
whitepaper, the cloud native security map also provides additional practitioner
context and lists of cloud native projects.

The cnsmap mirror is hosted at: <https://cnsmap.vercel.app/>

### Goals and Non-goals

Goals

- Provide a mapping of CNCF and open source projects to areas of CN Security
  whitepaper
- Provide a practical viewpoint and information on topics in the CN Security
  whitepaper
- Identify gaps in CN Security in the ecosystem and make recommendations to TOC
- Help educate practitioners of what technologies can be used in practice and
  how they tie into each other
- Provide practical tips or examples for how to use tools within this category,
  or why they are important (i.e. example breaches, etc.)
- Provide a reference for frameworks to utilize when developing CN Security
  solutions and architectures.

Non-goals:

- Not an implementation guide on how to implement CN Security
- Demonstrative, not procedural
- Not a checklist of what to do
- Not one technology focused (i.e. not taking 1 reference architecture and
  developing the landscape around it).

### Project listings

> TODO(@dcomas)

Reviewer: All good except one typo I made, replace but/bug in line 40

`confidence in the project potentially due to initial **bug** fixes discovered in the first few public versions`

> TODO(@dcomas)

Author: awesome changed it. Thanks

# Cloud Native Security Map

## About the Cloud Native Security Map

The Cloud Native Security Map (CNSMAP) is a interactive medium for the
consumption of the security whitepaper. In addition to the content of the
whitepaper, the cloud native security map also provides additional practitioner

> context and lists of cloud native projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
context and corresponding cloud native projects.
```

The CNSMAP is hosted at: <https://cnsmap.netlify.app/>

### Goals and Non-goals

Goals

- Provide a mapping of CNCF and open source projects to areas of CN Security
  whitepaper
- Provide a practical viewpoint and information on topics in the CN Security
  whitepaper

> - Identify gaps in CN Security in the ecosystem and make recommendations to TOC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Identify gaps in CN Security ecosystem and provide recommendations to TOC
```

- Help educate practitioners of what technologies can be used in practice and
  how they tie into each other
- Provide practical tips or examples for how to use tools within this category,
  or why they are important (i.e. example breaches, etc.)
- Provide a reference for frameworks to utilize when developing CN Security
  solutions and architectures.

Non-goals:

- Not an implementation guide on how to implement CN Security
- Demonstrative, not procedural
- Not a checklist of what to do
- Not one technology focused (i.e. not taking 1 reference architecture and
  developing the landscape around it).

### Project listings

In order to have more useful information and stability, there are some
guidelines by which projects are selected to be listed in the CNSMAP. These are
used as guiding principles and projects listed generally meet most of these
properties.

- Number of contributors: Ideally at least 3 maintainers/contributors to be able
  to continue supporting the project if some contributors are not able to keep
  working on the project. This is common practice for having good continuity
  criteria.

> - Lifetime of the project: The project should be more than 6 months older, this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Lifetime of the project: The project should be 6 months old or more, this
```

>   helps to have more confidence in the project potentially due to initial bug

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  helps provides confidence in the project through remediation or tracking of initial bug
```

>   helps provides confidence in the project through remediation or tracking of initial bug

Author: ```suggestion
  helps provides confidence in the project through remediation or tracking of initial
  bug
```

>   helps provides confidence in the project through remediation or tracking of initial bug
>   fixes discovered in the first few public versions.

Author: ```suggestion
  helps provides confidence in the project through remediation or tracking of initial
  bug fixes discovered in the first few public versions.
```

- Backing by a foundation and strong governance: Projects that are part of the
  CNCF, Linux Foundation, or other type of open source foundation is an

>   indication that there is stronger and open governance of the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  indication that there is strong and open governance of the project.
```

- Multi-organization governance: Projects that have maintainers that are from

>   multiple organizations are favored to prevent an organization single point of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  multiple organizations are favored to prevent organizational single point of
```

  failure or control for the project.
- Security tab available for the project on the github or code hosting platform:
  People have the opportunity to communicate security flaws but also identify
  how the security policy is defined for that project. This shows maturity of
  security process of the project.

> - Contributions in the last 12 months: There is activity and the project should

Reviewer 2: This is in conflict with the age of the project statement above which defines 6 months or older, but here its looking for last 12 months?  or is this an indicator that it only goes back 12 months?  this may be unclear.

Author: I think this is more for longer lived projects, like deprecated/obselete projects. where it hasn't had any contributions for a long time.

> - Contributions in the last 12 months: There is activity and the project should

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Contributions in the last 12 months: There is activity and the project does not
```

>   not be abandoned, the contributions are meaningful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  appear to be abandoned, the contributions are meaningful.
```

- Releases in the last 12 months: The maintainers/contributors are updating the
  project and new versions are released within the last year of the project to
  be included in the listing.
- Issues closed within 6 months: Issues reported by users or contributors are

>   closed in a reasonable time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  closed in a reasonable amount of time.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: This is a pretty good list. We may have to clean up projects at regular intervals to ensure they abide by this.

## Logistics

### Code and content

The Cloud Native Security Map content and code is located in the [CNSMAP
branch](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap). All content is
maintained within the [content
subfolder](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap/content).

### Community

> 

Reviewer 2: Recommend breaking this up further into a "got questions" area to drive discussion in the channel. and a separate contribute area citing the need to review goals/non-goals and project listings to ensure the PR is compliant with the above mentioned items.

Author: Broke down this section in the latest commit

> ### Community
> 
> To contribute, you may open a PR against the [CNSMAP
> branch](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap). Also join the
> [#tag-security-whitepaper-map](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NT4P84AK)
> to join the discussions.

Author: ```suggestion
### Community

#### Questions

Join the
[#tag-security-whitepaper-map](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NT4P84AK)
slack channel to join the discussions.

#### Contributing to the CNSMAP

The CNSMAP is a live document and needs to be continuously
be updated to meet the current landscape of projects that
adhere to the goals set forth in this document.

To contribute, you may open a PR against the [CNSMAP
branch](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap). 
```

  multiple organizations are favored to prevent organizational single point of
  failure or control for the project.
- Security tab available for the project on the github or code hosting platform:
  People have the opportunity to communicate security flaws but also identify
  how the security policy is defined for that project. This shows maturity of
  security process of the project.
- Contributions in the last 12 months: There is activity and the project does not
  appear to be abandoned, the contributions are meaningful.
- Releases in the last 12 months: The maintainers/contributors are updating the
  project and new versions are released within the last year of the project to
  be included in the listing.
- Issues closed within 6 months: Issues reported by users or contributors are
  closed in a reasonable amount of time.

## Logistics

### Code and content

The Cloud Native Security Map content and code is located in the [CNSMAP
branch](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap). All content is
maintained within the [content
subfolder](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap/content).

### Community

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

#### Questions

Join the
[#tag-security-whitepaper-map](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NT4P84AK)
slack channel to join the discussions.

#### Contributing to the CNSMAP

The CNSMAP is a live document and needs to be continuously
be updated to meet the current landscape of projects that
adhere to the goals set forth in this document.

To contribute, you may open a PR against the [CNSMAP

> branch](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap). 

Author: ```suggestion
branch](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/tree/cnsmap).
```
